doc improvement: ESB sample page (#10739)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/esb/esb_prx/README.rst

.. _esb_prx:

Enhanced ShockBurst: Receiver
#############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This sample shows the Enhanced ShockBurst Receiver application.

Reviewer: Rather than restating the sample's name, maybe briefly explaining what an ESB Receiver is would give some context to a user who bumps on this page from search?

> It includes the basic steps that are needed to transmit and receive packets using :ref:`ug_esb`.

Reviewer: Nit: a sample can't include steps. The doc page can, but not the sample.

> Follow the instructions and use the files from this page, and the :ref:`esb_ptx` sample.

Reviewer: Why would a user need to use the esb_ptx sample?

Requirements
************

.. note::

>    Follow the steps from and include the :ref:`esb_ptx` sample with this sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You also need to use the :ref:`esb_ptx` sample to test this sample.
   Follow the steps from either sample's documentation.
```
The steps are duplicated in each documentation, so following them from both seems like the wrong instruction here.

I am not sure the note is needed, though. For example, the [Thread: CoAP Client](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/openthread/coap_client/README.html#requirements) sample only has the following sentence under the platform table:

> You can use one or more of the development kits listed above as the Thread CoAP Client. You also need one or more compatible development kits programmed with the [Thread: CoAP Server](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/openthread/coap_server/README.html#coap-server-sample) sample.

Author: These are good points. I followed what we did when we split the [Gazell samples](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/gazell.html). I will think it over and see if it can be done differently.

.. include:: ../esb_ptx/README.rst
   :start-after: esb_ptx_sample_requirements_start

>    :end-before: esb_ptx_sample_remaining_end

Reviewer: I would argue against including `.. table-from-sample-yaml::` from another sample. One because I don't know if the script will read the contents from the correct sample. Two because this hides this line from the documentation.

>    :end-before: esb_ptx_sample_remaining_end

Reviewer: Including so much from another sample goes against the sample template in my opinion.
Also, you'll be creating yourself problems when one needs to link to a specific section in this sample, say, the dependencies one, because you won't be able to use a ref.
